Would.

Would
    -> Ta, Te, Ti / Ta tha, Te thy, ti thi.
        -> with Verb.
    -> Ga, Ge, Gi - Present (Request/Offer/Want) / Past

Will
    -> Ga, Ge, Gi (Future).

Practice.
Woh mere sath khelta, mgr apne ijazat nhi di.
    He would play with me, but you didn't allow me.
Kash mai us se baat krta.
    I wish, I would talk ot him.
Ajj mai office jata, lekin meri tabiyat thk nhi hai.
    I would go to the office, but I'm unwell.
Agr mere pas paise hote, to mai apki madad krta.
    If I had money, I would help you.
Woh mujhe paise kiu deta, mai to aek gareeb aadmi hu.
    Why would he give me money, I'm a poor guy.
Woh aesa kiu krta?
    Why would he do so?

Practice.
NOTE: We can use 'used to' for that context as well.
Un dino, mai subha 5 bje uthta tha.
    Those days, I would wake up at 5 o'clock.
    Those days, I used to wake up at 5 o'clock.
Woh mujhe bina karan ke dant ti thi.
    She would scold me for no reason.
    She used to scold me for no reason.
Mai roz use milta tha, or fir hum school jate thy.
    I would meet him every day, and then we would go to school together.
    I used to meet him every day, and then we would go to school together.

Practice.
Kia app kripya shant rahen gyn?
    Would you please be quiet?
    Would you please keep quiet?
Kia app meri madad kren gyn?
    Would you please help me?
Kia app mere sath long drive pe jana chahen gyn?
    Would you like to go on a long drive with me?
Kia app blogging ke zariye paise kamana chahen gyn?
    Would you like to earn money through blogging?
Ajj mai apse milna chahoon ga.
    I would like to meet you today.
Woh or ziada paisa kamana chahe ga, ta ke woh apne liye aek nayi scooty khareed sake.
    He would like to earn more money so that he could buy a new scooty for himself.

Practice.
Usne kaha ke woh market se kuch khareede gi.
    She said that she would buy something from the market.
Mai janta tha k woh yahan nhi aye ga.
    I knew that he wouldn't come here.

Would be.
    -> Hota, Hota tha.
    -> Kar raha hoga/Hota.

Would have been.
    -> Hota, Ho chuka hota.
    -> kar raha hoga/hota + samay se.

NOTE:
    We can use "hota" context with both of them. Because there is no condition here.
    But for "wish" context, we only use "would be".
    We use use "Would be" for "hota tha".
    We use "would have been" for "ho chuka hota".
    We can use "Would be" for "kar raha hota/hoga".
    We can use "Would have been" for "kar raha hota/hoga + time se".

Practice.
Ajj mai aek dancer hota.
    I would be a dancer today.
    I would have been a dancer today.
Woh is waqt America me hota.
    He would be in America right now.
    He would have been in America right now.
Kash mai apka dost hota.
    I wish I would be your friend.
Kash mai is waqt ghar par hota.
    I wish I would be at home right now.

Practice.
Mai ne jab bhi use call kra, woh ghar par hota tha.
    Whenever I called him, He would be at home.
Hum un dino sath hote thy.
    We would be together those days.
Woh har samay, SJ ke sath hota tha.
    He would be with SJ all the time.

Practice.
Yeh kaam ab tak ho chuka hota, par apne jan bujh kar delay kra.
    This work would have been completed by now, but you delayed it intentionally.
Agar usne tumhari baat suni hoti, to woh ab tak ameer ho chuka hota.
    If he had listened to you, he would have been rich by now.

Practice.
SJ is samay so raha hoga.
    SJ would be sleeping right now.
SJ 2 ghnty se so raha hoga.
    SJ would have been sleeping for 2 hours.
Woh bachy subha se parh rahe hon gyn.
    Those kids would have been studying since morning.
Woh subha se khel raha hota, agar mai ne use nhi danta hota.
    He would have been playing since morning if I hadn't scolded him.
Kash woh bhi school aa raha hota.
    I wish he would also be coming to school.
Kash woh bhi 2 saal se school aa raha hota.
    I wish he would have also been coming to school from 2 years.

Would Have.
    -> Pass hota.
    -> Kar raha hoga/Hota.
Would have had.
    -> Pass hota.

NOTE:
    We are talking about "would" which means it is not in future.

Practice.
Mere pas bhi laptop hota, lekin mai ne apne sarey paise ura diye.
    I would have a laptop too but I wasted all my money.
    I would have had a laptop too but I wasted all my money.
    I would also have a laptop but I wasted all my money.
    I would have also had a laptop but I wasted all my money.
Kash mere pas car hoti.
    I wish I would have a car.
    I wish I would have had a car.

Practice.
Woh ab tak khel chuka ho ga.
    He would have played by now.
Bus subha nikal chuki ho gi.
    The bus would have left in the morning.
Woh ab tak kaam khatam kar chuki ho gi.
    She would have completed the work by now.
Mai apko phone kar chuka hota, lekin mai bhool gya.
    I would have called you, but forgot.
Ravi ab tak nikal chuka hota, lekin mai ne use request kri k woh thora or intezar kre.
    Rave would have left by now, but I requested him to wait for a little more.

Would have to.
    -> Karna parta, Karna par jata.
    -> Karna parta hoga.

Would have had to.
    -> Karna parta, Karna par jata.
    -> Karna para hoga.

Practice.
Agar apne meri madad nah kri hoti to mujhe ajj office jana par jata.
    If you had not helped me, I would have to go to the office today.
    If you had not helped me, I would have had to go to the office today.
Shukr hai k sarkaar ne policy badal di, warna sara maal ajj hi bechna par jata.
    Thank God, the government changed the policy, otherwise, I would have to sell all the material today itself.
    Thank God, the government changed the policy, otherwise, I would have had to sell all the material today itself.

Practice.
Ajj kal apko roz school jana parta hoga.
    These days, you would have to go to school every day.
Pichly saal apko roz school jana para hoga.
    Last year, You would have had to go to school every day.
Use roz 500$ kharch krne parte hon gyn.
    He would have to spend 500$ everyday.
Use roz 500$ kharach krne pare hon gyn.
    He would have had to spend 500$ every day.
Kal apko fine pay krna para ho ga.
    You would have had to pay the fine yesterday.

Summary:
Would
    -> Ta/Te/Ti/Ta/Te/Ti/Tha
Would be
Would have been
Would have
Would have had
Would have to
Would have had to
